Joan Elizabeth Stanley Special Branch
you are being charged with 27 breaches
of the Official Secrets Act you must
come with us now I haven't done anything
wrong
there's a file on you starting in 1938
when you went to Cambridge University
world was so different then you have no
idea I'm looking for a personal
assistant you come highly recommended
first-class certificate specializing in
theoretical physics even members of the
cabinet don't know what we do hmm
are you allowed to tell what you do at
Cambridge you were known to consult with
communists it was for John I was never a
member who politicized you then they
think that you might be part of some
Cambridge spy ring it's like a nightmare
come believe it's happening
imagine one atom split producing huge
amounts of energy or ending bomb the
Russians they do have the pufferfish
when you're gonna realize you're wasting
your time because we're not are we
mrs. Stanley the first atomic bomb has
been dropped on the Japanese city of our
ashram I usually got to do with me
everything
they should bring master in on it I
don't think so but where our lives suck
I don't know you and your mother for all
of this was going to be destroyed
what would you say it's up to you
is anything he ever told me Ashley true
I was fighting for the living
I loved my country
[Music]
we don't have much time
use your heart instead of your head no
idea how unimportant
[Applause]
[Music]
you